I am the eggman.
You take your car to work, I take my board.
All the girlies say I'm pretty fly (for a white guy).
Wee ooh, I look just like Buddy Holly.
Whoa, heaven let your light shine down.
She's lump! She's lump! She's lump! She's in my head.
I just wanna fly.
I'm sorry, Ms. Jackson. (ooh!) I am for real.
Choose not a life of imitation.
And my time is a piece of wax falling on a termite that's choking on the splinters.
I said maybeeeeeeeeeeee ya gonna be the one that saves meeeeeeeeeeeee.
Ocean man, take me by the hand.
G-Funk: where rhythm is life, and life is rhythm.
Nothin' left to do but smile, smile, smile.
I know who I want to take me home.
I don't practice Santeria. I ain't got no crystal ball.
Isn't it ironic? Don't ya think?
I got two turntables and a microphone.
Love is shaking on Shakedown Street. Used to be the heart of town.
Peaches come from a can; they were put there by a man in a factory downtown.
Mmmbop!
With the taste of your lips, I'm on a ride.
Lord, I was born a ramblin' man.
This isn't who it would be if it wasn't who it is.
Here's to you, Mrs. Robinson. Jesus loves you more than you would know.
She can be a belly dancer, I don't need a true romancer.
I shot the sheriff, but I didn't shoot the deputy.
I GOT BLISTERS ON MY FINGERS!
Oops, I did it again!
GET UP! (Get on up.)
Jerry was a racecar driver.
Learn to work the saxophone; I play just what I feel.
I cannot repeal the words of the golden eel.
Going back home to the village of the sun. Out in back of Palmdale where the turkey farmers run.
There's nothing on the top but a bucket and a mop and an illustrated book about birds.
And I say, HEYYYYEYYYYYEYYYEYEY
Never gonna give you up. Never gonna let you down.
Bag it, tag it, sell it to the butcher at the store.
Marky got with Sharon, Sharon got Sherice. She was sharin' Sharon's outlook on the topic of disease.
Cool it now! You're gonna lose control.
Sneaking Sally through the alley, tryin' to get away clean. Sneaking Sally through the alley, when out pops the queen.
Nigel has his future in a British steel.
Her left eye is lazy.
I can ride my bike with no handlebars.
The butter wouldn't melt so I put it in the pie.
If they say, "why, why?" tell em that it's human nature.
You won't let those robots eat me, Yoshimi.
Bona fide hustler, making my name.
I've seen footage. I stay noided.
It goes, it goes, it goes, it goes, guillotineeeeeeee, YUH!